Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[knife slashing and pained grunts]
[woman] Jaya Srivastav.
You want to get IVF done
without telling your husband?
Like I brought his sample for testing.
I'll also bring it
for the procedure.
[phone vibrating]
Yes. yes. Papa.
[man] How many times
do I have to tell you?
I won't have the tea made by the cook.
I'm just reaching home in ten minutes.
-Ten minutes. that's it. Yes. yes. yes.
-[man] Back from the market in ten?
-[man] What "yes"?
-No. no. I was at the temple.
-[man] The temple? Come home soon.
-Yes. yes. sure. sure.
Jaya. do one thing.
Bring your husband here.
-I want to talk to him.
-It's going to be his child. doctor.
So. why trouble him unnecessarily?
If I give him the good news directly.
he'll feel like it's God's gift.
And it'll also be the truth.
I can't do anything unless you
quickly get me the sample.
-And there's no guarantee.
-Sure.
How… how much will it cost?
[doctor] Five.
five and a half lakh rupees.
[man] Come on. the bigger the shop.
the bigger the discount.
I'm buying three in five.
Sir. look here.
I'm giving you the best price.
Trust me.
Govind. I'm leaving now.
You close up for the day.
So you're leaving early today?
I've got some work.
I'll see you.
[lewd whistle]
[woman] Rahul4clicks is asking
where my bro-in-law is today.
I use only one trick to call him out.
Hashtag. hey. you. may I go?
Hi. Sushis!
-Hashtag. hey. you. may I go?
Funny Akhil is asking. "Are the two
of you just good friends?"
Funny Nikhil. a bro-in-law and sis-in-law
can't be just friends. okay?
Shruti Chats writes. "So disgusting."
"Do you make such dirty videos
with your father as well?"
Have you learned how
to troll people from your father?
Shruti. you bitch. why are you yelping?
How dare you?
How dare you call me disgusting?
-I am disgusting. huh?
-Calm down.
Calm down.
Please calm down.
This is a live session.
There's no need to overdo it so much.
My father.
She's talking shit about my father.
Isn't that disgusting?
I'll chop your tongue
and feed it to the crows!
You fucking--
[muffled cursing]
Get dinner ready.
Hurry up.
The boys are hungry.
[TV plays in the background]
[in unison] The boys are hungry.
[indistinct chatter]
[boys. in unison] The boys are hungry.
Yeah. coming.
[murmuring]
BLOODY DRAB
THE HALF WIFE
SHAMELESS
DESPERATE
[lewd whistle]
ADARSH COLONY
[in unison] Jaya. some more!
[man on TV] A lonely woman
in an empty mansion.
Who will answer this mysterious question?
In Khalbali. we reveal
an astonishing story today
of a murder mystery which spread
throughout the city like wildfire.
KHALBALI
At the center of this mysterious story
was a femme fatale
who could bewitch any man
with just one look.
On that hot summer night when she emerged
after a cold shower.
even the walls started sweating.
On that night. like every other night.
she was alone at home.
[Rekha] Hello?
[man on TV] But tonight.
she was waiting for someone.
[doorbell rings]
[door knocking]
Has Papa gone to sleep?
[Jaya] Yeah. he's sleeping.
[grunts]
Are you hungry?
No. I'm not hungry.
You should have washed your hands
before getting the glass out.
[video playing on phone] Hi. Sushis!
Hashtag. hey. you. may I go?
[muffled chatter]
Funny. Nikhil.
A bro-in-law and sis-in-law
can't be just friends. okay?
[whispering] Hello?
-[Rekha] Jaya.
-Mummy.
Jaya.
What's wrong?
Why are you crying?
[Rekha] I'm very scared.
I'm very scared.
You and Sushma.
-Alright. alright. hold on.
-[Rekha] Where is Sushma?
Let me just…
I'll call you.
[Rekha] Call her up.
-I want to talk to both of you.
-Wait. I'll go inside and talk to you.
[Rekha] It's very urgent.
Hold on a second.
I'm telling you. Manas is sleeping.
Can't you hold on for a minute?
[Rekha] Where is Sushma?
I want to speak to both of you.
Sushma doesn't live here anymore.
Remember. she had a fight
with my father-in-law.
I want you to do that thing which makes
that thing happen.
What?
What makes what happen?
Where everyone comes together.
Conference.
Yeah. conference.
Look. I'm not going to call her.
So if you want to talk to her.
you call her separately. Go.
I'm telling you one last time.
Because this is very urgent.
Mummy. please don't be dramatic.
I'm telling you.
I'm not going to call her and you…
-You're hurting my ears.
-[Rekha] Why don't you take me seriously?
-Can you please calm down?
-Do you want me to die?
Will that make you happy?
Okay. I'm calling.
I'm calling.
Alright. alright.
-I'm going to call her now.
-[Rekha] Call her quickly.
[phone vibrating]
[Sushma] Tell me.
Mummy wants to talk to both of us.
[Sushma] Why?
Can you ask her yourself?
Yeah. Mummy. Sushma's on the line.
Say whatever you want to.
Sushma!
[Jaya] She's here!
[Rekha] Sushma. I'm very scared.
Just come here right away.
I want you to leave immediately.
What did you say?
[Rekha] I said leave right away. okay?
[Sushma] You want me
to come flying from Patna just now?
My head is not working.
I'm trembling.
Why are you trembling?
Last month. a black cat crossed my path.
and I kept walking.
Maybe I'm being punished for it.
A cat?
Forgive me this time.
I'll never make this mistake again.
Are you out of your mind or something. Ma?
Why the hell do I get stuck
in all of this?
I feel like I've tied a noose
around my neck for no reason.
Oh. Sushma!
Please.
Why don't you cry first and then call me?
I'm hanging up.
Can you…
Don't speak at the same time. you two.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Can you just shut up?
Why should I shut up?
-Why don't you shut up?
-You shut up.
No. you shut up.
Mummy. this is why I never call you.
Will you two just shut up
and listen to me?
I'm telling you.
I won't be able to handle this.
Mummy. what's going on?
I can't understand a word you're saying.
And why are you wailing like a banshee
at this hour of the night?
[whimpering. sniffling]
Can you just speak up?
Gupta. you know?
He has…
He's gone.
Where has he gone?
He's dead. Sushma.
Uncle Gupta. who lives opposite us?
Yes.
Suddenly?
Was it a heart attack?
God. how many times have I told you?
You should do yoga.
You should go for a walk.
See. you look young.
but if your arteries are blocked.
you can get
a heart attack anytime.
You understand?
I've told you so many times.
What are you saying?
I'll slap you.
Listen. Mummy.
Uncle Gupta from across the road died.
Why are you grieving so hard?
Because Mr. Gupta
has died inside my house!
-[dramatic sting]
-[wailing]
Mummy. why are you crying?
[Jaya] You need to tell me what happened.
Mummy?
Even I'm trembling. Mummy!
[Jaya] I'll be there right away.
[wailing] Come soon. Jaya. Sushma.
[suspenseful music]
[Rekha wailing] Why did this
have to go on so long?
Rekha was only twenty-two.
When clad
in a sari yellower than jaundice.
with flowers redder
than the red of blood. she came
as a bride for the first time
and set foot into Adarsh Colony.
THE MYSTERY OF REKHA
[suspenseful rhythmic music]
How did ticket checker Sukumar find
such a beautiful bride like Rekha?
He didn't tell anyone.
But this mystery was revealed by none
other than Rekha's sleeveless blouse.
♪ Ouch! ♪
[starts wailing]
My bosom!
-Mummy! Listen to me!
-["Dhak Dhak Karne Laga" plays]
Mummy!
[TV anchor] Rekha's gaze was
sharper than Tipu Sultan's sword.
When she gazed at all the men.
her eyes were scanning them
like they were QR codes.
Suddenly. a storm blew in.
People from the colony say
that since that day.
Adarsh Colony's weather forecast
transformed forever.
That newlywed witch's evil gaze.
just like November rain.
landed upon the man who lived
in the opposite house.
Charitra Kumar Gupta.
["Dhak Dhak Karne Laga" plays]
[TV anchor] Chartered accountancy topper.
pious man who was also a lot into fitness.
This ardent young family man. on the very
first day. sensed Rekha's wantonness
and flirtatious behavior.
But for the happiness
of his childhood friend Sukumar.
poor Charitra Kumar Gupta had
to swallow the bitter pill
and decided to keep quiet.
♪ Ouch! ♪
[TV anchor] When in just the seventh month
of marriage. Jaya was born.
Rekha's reality
was revealed automatically.
Day by day. Rekha's antics kept going
from bad to worse.
It is said that Sundays
used to be particularly very hard
on the colony.
Take my money.
And here's mine.
["Dhak Dhak Karne Laga" plays]
[TV anchor] She knew only too well that
when her delicate fingers would run
through Sukumar's naked body.
an electric current would run
through every innocent man
in the colony.
And one day. this electric current became
such a four hundred and forty volt shock
that left everyone
in the colony completely jolted.
[screams]
[TV anchor] Everyone knew that
Sukumar had taken a loan
from Mr. Gupta a couple of years
ago with his house as collateral.
If Gupta wanted. he could have
taken Rekha's house away
from her and could have evicted her
from the colony forever.
But his little lemon-tart-like soft heart
did not allow him
to do so. so he didn't.
Shameless woman. [hmph]
[TV anchor] Years passed by.
People grew old.
but only the other inhabitants
of the colony.
They say that witches never age.
Rekha still looks the same age as she did
the first day when she came in as a bride.
when she planted marigolds
in her garden.
[eerie music]
[Rekha] Jaya!
Hey!
Jaya. you didn't tell me you were coming.
All of a sudden?
Why didn't you call?
You wanted to surprise me. is it?
Come. come.
Everything should look normal. right?
Everything is apart from you.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
-No. not there!
-[suspenseful music ends]
That sofa's leg is broken.
How did it happen?
The other day. I pushed it
just a little to sweep the floor.
And suddenly the leg just snapped off.
I'm asking you about Uncle Gupta.
Oh.
-Last night--
-[Sushma] Mummy! Mummy!
Surprise!
Everything should look normal. right?
[tense music]
Shall I make tea?
I can't do stitching
and embroidery at this age.
Even when I was younger.
I couldn't stitch a single button
onto your fathers' shirt.
I just can't do it.
Why are you saying this. Mummy?
Who's asking you to do embroidery?
They make female prisoners do stitching
and embroidery work in jail.
Or they make them prepare food items.
Hey. stop.
You're not going to jail.
Why?
Is her father the Chief Justice?
Mummy. tell her to shut up.
Are you going to tell her?
Say another word
about my father. and I'll make you--
Will you tell us what happened?
It was about ten. ten-thirty in the night.
The third commercial break
on Khalbali was on.
-He came and rang the doorbell.
-[doorbell rings]
I asked. "Who is it?"
He said. "It's me."
I asked. "What is it. Mr. Gupta?"
He was saying something about the bed.
I couldn't hear properly.
I think my ears
have been ringing lately. Sushma.
They have a wedding coming up
in their home.
I thought he'd come
to ask for mattresses for the guests.
But the moment I opened the door.
he just barged in and…
And then he started misbehaving
with me. Jaya.
As I went inside. he followed me in.
I asked him.
"Why are you doing this. Mr. Gupta?"
Then he suddenly knelt like a horse.
and he just jumped on me.
So I pushed him really hard. and he banged
into your grandma's steel wardrobe.
Its handle jabbed him in his back.
He jumped. and his leg
got stuck in the stone.
He stumbled.
He tried to grab the curtain.
The curtain came loose
and slipped through his fingers.
The rod came off and hit his head.
Then he. the curtain.
the curtain rod. everything fell
on the floor with a bang.
The stone hit him on his head and…
the man died.
He forced himself on you?
You should go to the police and tell them
that it was self-defense.
[Sushma] Wow.
So. Mummy. you are going to say that the
deer came knocking on the hunter's door.
And everyone from the colony
will believe it.
If you keep listening to this idiot.
I'm telling you. you'll get stuck.
Who the hell is talking to you?
Even I was not talking to you.
My face was here. towards Mummy.
Hey!
Are you both done with your sisterly love?
I've got gas because of all this anxiety.
The police can't get involved in this.
There is no other way out.
You know. I just had an idea.
Look. he's already dead.
I think tonight. we should
wrap him up in a blanket
and quietly go and throw
his body in the canal.
What did you say?
This is why you asked me
to bring my car. right?
You think this is your stupid crime show?
My stupid crime show is also based
on true events.
There's a dead man right here
in your house. and you want to go
and dump his body in the canal?
You think he's stale meat?
So what do we do?
Call some priests. get rituals done.
and get him cremated?
But Mummy…
won't she start looking for him?
Aunty Gupta!
-[snoring]
-[suspenseful music]
-[vehicle honking]
-[muffled chatter]
[honking continues]
Stop the honking.
I'm coming.
-I guess he left only for his walk today.
-Yes.
Somehow. even his gargling
didn't wake me up.
Whose car is that?
Has a new sucker turned up? [chuckles]
The elder daughter is here.
-Good morning. Mrs. Gupta.
-Yeah. good morning.
What happened? Mr. Gupta
didn't show up for his morning walk?
[tense music]
God knows where he is.
Oh. wow.
My dear Babul is studying so hard
for his exams early in the morning.
So proud of you.
By the way. where's your papa. my dear?
How would I know? [murmuring]
I've told him so many times
that he shouldn't have
cabbage for dinner.
But he never listens to me.
So stubborn. exactly like his mother.
Hey. Goldie!
Are you still sleeping or what?
She's about to get married and look.
Her Highness just refuses
to wake up before nine o'clock!
You want to make me a laughingstock
at your in-laws?
[Goldie] I went to bed late last night.
What?
I went to bed late last night!
All that late-night whispering
with your face shoved
into the phone. I know everything.
If you go on like this.
one day you'll swallow your phone.
Then roam around like a python.
trying to digest your damn phone.
What do you talk about so much?
Why can't you wait till the wedding?
Why are you telling me all this?
Go and tell him.
He…
doesn't let me hang up.
Yeah. baby. he's not
letting you hang up right now.
Later. he won't even bother to pick up.
[phone buzzes and rings]
[Sushma] There. Mummy!
[Rekha] Look for it fast.
[Jaya] I am looking for it.
-[Rekha] Check his pocket.
-[Jaya] No! I'm not doing that!
[Rekha] I am not telling you to find it.
[Sushma] You stop fighting with me.
[Jaya] You look for it.
You girls want to send me to prison.
Found it. found it. found it.
It's here.
Listen. where are you?
Why aren't you answering my calls?
Don't know why you keep putting it
on the airplane mode.
Data. data. data.
Will you take your data
with you to heaven?
[notification beeps]
Seems like the dose I gave you
last night wasn't enough for you.
When I said that we are not
inviting your favorite Lalita madam
to the wedding. I meant it!
We are not inviting her! Am I clear?
Looks like these two have
had a massive fight.
Why are you not answering
Charitra Kumar Gupta sir?
I can see your blue ticks here.
[workers chattering]
DID YOU SEE REKHA'S?
[Jaya] Sorry. Papa.
Mummy's health suddenly
deteriorated last night.
Yes. No. no. Don't worry. Papa.
-I'll be back tomorrow.
-[man] I see. So you're coming tomorrow.
If you had children of your own.
you would not have upped
and left like this. [coughs]
-Papa. please.
-[man] Now what can I say?
-I actually am…
-[man] You'll do what your mother has…
-Jaya Sukumar Sinha.
-[dramatic music]
You live in Patna. right?
-Yes.
-[man] Hello?
-You're here to see your mother?
-[man] Throw your phone away.
Yeah. yes.
When did you arrive?
-This morning. sir.
-When did you arrive?
-Come on. follow me right now.
-Sir. please. sir.
-Please. sir.
-I just…
I said. follow me right now.
I don't want to hear anything.
You're coming with me.
Sir. please
just hear me out. Just once. please.
You're getting me a bite
to eat from my favorite place.
What?
You still haven't recognized me?
It's me. you silly girl!
-Maheshwari?
-[laughs]
Maheshwari. you really scared me!
-Have you become an actor or something?
-What?
I'm an inspector now. Jaya.
Bullshit.
It's been six years and forty-six days
since I last saw you.
How have you been?
Everything's fine.
Manas…
He's doing well.
I mean. we're happy together.
-Very good. I'm glad.
-[chuckles]
-M for Manas is also good.
-[mic squealing]
Hey. you!
Are you planning to burst our eardrums?
Zero civic sense these people have.
Hey. Sushma's here too.
Aunty. how have you been?
I'm good.
Amazing.
This is like a mother-daughters reunion.
Yeah. what a surprise!
-Pleasant surprise.
-[Mrs. Gupta] Maheshwari!
I hope the lights
for the tent will be up today.
Don't forget
it's your own niece's wedding.
[Maheshwari] Yeah. yeah. I'll get it done.
Are you here for a few days?
-Yeah.
-I'm a little caught up.
There's a prayer function tonight. Sushma.
Through the night?
Yeah. bro-in-law prayed hard
for Goldie's wedding.
Aunty. Sushma. do come for a bit. okay?
It's an all-nighter.
[Rekha] I think tonight we should
wrap him up in a blanket
and quietly go
and throw his body in the canal.
[Mrs. Gupta] Aunty. hurry up.
The groom's father is on his way.
Please don't get late.
Hello. Mrs. Gupta.
Where's Mr. Gupta?
He was there outside.
Did you see him?
God. you've really
crossed the line this time. Mr. Gupta.
You're upset with me at the time
of your own daughter's wedding.
Mrs. Gupta? Where's Mr. Gupta?
He's inside.
-Go meet him.
-Okay.
Where the hell is he?
In the middle of the prayer function.
we'll take the body away.
Wow! What an idea!
How was I supposed to know
there's a function tonight?
It's not like anybody invites me
in this colony.
No. no. not that.
That's my wedding outfit.
Take that brown one.
Yeah.
It's torn anyway. Take it.
Mummy. I need some…
I need some money.
Go and take it from my purse.
I need around five and a half lakhs.
What do you need so much money for?
[Sushma] Mummy!
Aunty Gupta has messaged again!
-It's personal. I'll tell you later.
-[Sushma] Look.
What?
It's a prayer function
for your daughter's marriage.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
The disco prayer band manager has already
asked for you a few times.
If you don't come back right away.
I'll break your legs
and hand them to you.
[notification beeps]
[Mrs. Gupta] The groom's family is coming.
Please come back.
I won't say a single word.
I promise.
If you don't come back. I'll hang myself
from the bedroom ceiling fan!
[bawls]
Aren't you ashamed. you two?
Foolishly cackling away!
Where have you kept the old blankets
and warm clothes?
Take them out.
To cover up your scandal.
[imitates laughter mockingly]
Man! Damn it!
I humbly request
all you ladies and gentlemen
to turn your attention from
gossiping about mothers-in-law
and cricket to the Lord's service.
He's a very funny guy.
Listen. Abhishek. we'll get to see
your father-in-law at the wedding. right?
Or should we not have high hopes
for a warm welcome there too?
RAILWAY DEPARTMENT 1995
SUKUMAR SINHA
[Jaya] I'm not going to touch his body.
[Sushma] Me neither.
[whimsical music]
He goes for a morning walk every day
and gobbles down
four burgers together. [grunts]
[grunts]
Lift it from here.
-From here. from the thigh.
-That's what I'm doing. okay?
Then do it properly.
So you've done this before?
Have you done this before?
-You think you know any better?
-No. I know better than you.
-Tell me what you know.
-I know everything.
You'll yank his leg off.
-It's still attached. isn't it?
-[Rekha] Hey!
Grab the thigh underneath. but just lift.
Or I'll smack the two of you.
Pick him up.
My right hand hurts.
You come here.
You come this side.
Yeah. you're always in pain.
I'll break your face.
You want me to break your face?
-Should I do it?
[imitates nagging chatter]
Lift!
One. two. three.
[Sushma] Towards the left. Mummy.
Very good.
Come on. Mummy.
Use all your strength.
Like this.
[Jaya] Can you start moving your hands
as much as your tongue?
There are only two legs.
You're holding one.
[Jaya] Don't try to act smart with me.
-I'm telling you.
-Let's go. Let's go.
Come on.
Come on. Mummy.
-Very good. Way to go.
-[grunts]
Lift.
[Sushma] What oil does he use?
It's bloody stinking. [retches]
Sushma. why did you let him go?
He just sneezed.
What the hell are you saying?
I'm not lying.
He just sneezed loudly.
You think it's the time to be funny?
Jaya. check.
Yeah. I'll check.
He sneezed?
-[dramatic music]
-[screaming]
[whimpering]
♪ These eyes are going to kill ♪
Ghost! No!
It's not a ghost!
It's not.
He's alive!
My God. thank you!
What will I do now?
He's alive!
-He's alive.
-Mummy!
[Mr. Gupta] Rekha…
-[Sushma] I am going.
-Shh!
Shh.
[shushes]
♪ The young bride leaves her father ♪
-♪ With a silver coin… ♪
-She's a very good singer.
♪ Tied up in her veil ♪
♪ Holding back her tears ♪
♪ In eyes full of youthful innocence ♪
♪ She looks out at the world ♪
♪ The gilded cage is broken ♪
♪ Smearing kohl around her eyes ♪
♪ Your darling girl leaves ♪
-[crowd cheering]
-[musical instruments play]
Did Papa message?
♪ Your anklets make a merry chime ♪
♪ The world's a graveyard. yet you shine ♪
♪ You truly shine ♪
♪ The darkness is dense and chaotic
The rider trembles atop his mule ♪
♪ Tie up the good men
And unchain the devil ♪
♪ This life is an illusion
The body is but a garment ♪
♪ Your pride and honor are all
A tiny speck of dust ♪
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
♪ Break your shackles. take flight
Don't fear the end ♪
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
[song continues]
Why are you tying him up?
-[notification chimes]
-Mummy. why are you tying him up?
-Mummy. what are you doing?
-Just let go!
[Jaya] He's hurt his head.
We need to call a doctor.
[Rekha] Just let go of me. Jaya.
[Jaya] Why are you tying him up?
-Have you lost it?
-[Rekha] He's unconscious.
If he comes around. there'll be trouble.
Move aside.
-[Jaya] What's wrong with you?
-Mummy.
-Why don't you listen to me?
-Mummy!
What is it?
Did you message Uncle Gupta last night?
[Jaya] What message?
"Wanna play poker?"
Question mark.
Poker?
With him?
Oh!
I did.
I thought I'd challenge him.
Maybe he thought poker
was a code word or something.
But I just really wanted
to play poker with him.
I swear.
So you wanted to play?
With Uncle Gupta?
Couldn't you find anyone better
to play poker with
at eleven thirty in the night?
So who else could I play with?
No. tell me.
Who do I play with?
Do I have any lady friends
in this entire colony?
Does anyone ever talk to me?
Have you seen anyone?
Even today. as we speak.
there's a new rumor being spread
about me in the colony.
Everyone's eagerly waiting
that I should just
sell the house and leave.
And now even you think I'm wrong.
Have you thought even
once how lonely I feel?
I was just twenty-five years old
when your father got electrocuted.
I've been alone since then.
If you were alone.
then how was Sushma born?
Her father also probably came home
to play cards with you
and dumped this joker on us.
You listen.
You better not talk shit about my father
or I'll kill you. okay?
You think he can kill me?
Mummy. enough with your stories.
-Now tell us. why was he here?
-[Sushma] Yeah.
Tell us.
The mind wanders distracted.
The soul remains stuck in the rut of life.
Everyone's boarding pass
will be issued one day.
And as soon as they land above.
at the arrival gate.
the Lord will smile gently.
and say…
What will He say?
What will He say. brothers?
I had taken some money
from the wine shop recently.
As you know. Mr. Gupta
manages accounts there.
He comes on the tenth of every month.
But this time. he came early.
I tried to explain…
"I didn't steal the money.
I just needed it.
I'll pay it back.
Please just don't
tell the shop owner about it.
Otherwise. he'll fire me for sure."
He said. "No."
"I am going to tell him tomorrow."
Then I thought.
I'll try and request him again.
So that's why I offered to play poker
with him and called him.
My favorite crime show was
on its third commercial break.
He came.
And he started misbehaving with me.
I asked him.
"What are you doing. Mr. Gupta?"
So then he suddenly neighed
like a horse and he jumped on me.
I pushed him so hard that he banged
into Grandma's wardrobe
and a sandal jabbed him in his back.
He fell.
The curtain slipped into his hand.
He tripped on the stool.
He hit his head on the stone and he…
But he didn't die.
How much money have you taken?
-Five. five and a half lakhs.
-What?
Five. five and a half lakhs.
What did you need so much money for?
Well. I needed the money.
Something personal.
Now there is nothing
personal in this situation. Understood?
Tell us the truth.
You have been gambling again. right?
-Huh?
Gambling.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
But the money isn't the real problem here.
I won.
I'll pay it back in two days.
What if he goes out and tells
the whole world before that? Then what?
So what will you do with him?
Throw a living man into a canal?
I just had an idea.
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
♪ Open the cage… ♪
Oh. please. Mummy.
I'm done.
I'm done with you.
Hey. Jaya.
Listen. Jaya.
She's going.
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
♪ Open the cage… ♪
Hey. listen.
Even if he goes out
and opens his big mouth
after I put the money back.
he won't have any proof. will he?
Just have to keep him here comfortably
for two days.
He'll be asleep.
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
I was in labor for fifty-two hours.
after which you were born.
And now when I'm in trouble.
you think your mother is at fault?
♪ Open the cage. open the cage ♪
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
Hey. Jaya!
Listen to me.
My dear. you need money. don't you?
♪ Open the cage. open the cage
Open the cage. open the cage ♪
Careful.
Careful. careful. careful.
[snoring]
[vehicle honking]
Wow. superb!
The other one. Show me the other one.
Here you go.
Zoom in.
[Mrs. Gupta] Hey. Goldie. come inside!
Be careful before your wedding.
Curses and spells are everywhere.
I'm coming. mummy.
[Mrs. Gupta] Come. hurry up.
I'm coming. I'm coming.
What was she asking you?
She congratulated me.
Thought I'd show her
my would-be husband's picture.
You have two gold teeth. but your brain
isn't even worth brass.
"I'm not coming back. Handle your
daughter's wedding on your own."
Oh my God!
What happened?
I've been telling you since yesterday.
It's the evil eye.
These three women have cursed you.
Look. you just showed
that girl his picture. and see
what your father has messaged me.
"I'm not coming back. You handled your
daughter's wedding on your own."
-What does he mean?
-Nothing. you brass brain.
Now his phone is switched off.
[system voice message]
Please try again later.
The number you have dialed…
Where's my purse?
Where are my slippers?
-Where are my slippers?
-Mummy!
Mummy. where are you going?
I'm going to get some advice.
We have to find a solution for this.
She's been jealous of you since childhood.
She's already ruined your face.
Now she's ruining your wedding too.
Who's going to marry her
after her scandal?
The kiss only lasted for five minutes.
But even after five long years.
everyone still remembered it.
SUSHMA'S KISSING SCANDAL
The kiss was only five minutes long.
but it was viewed more
than five thousand times.
The kiss only lasted for five minutes.
-but it created an everlasting wildfire.
-[thunder crashes]
Sushma was disgustingly obsessed
with going viral.
She convinced her
five-day-old boyfriend somehow
and made a record-breaking kissing video
which lasted a full five minutes.
And with no hesitation whatsoever.
uploaded it on her social media
with the caption.
"The Five-Minute Lip-Lock."
The boyfriend got such a beating back home
that he had to break up with Sushma
in the comments section.
You witch!
[TV anchor] For justice. people went
to the unofficial caretaker
of the colony. Mr. Charitra Kumar Gupta.
[Mr. Gupta] Rekha!
-Your daughter has crossed the line.
-What are you saying. Mr. Gupta?
[TV anchor] To protect the honor
of the boys from the colony.
Mr. Gupta had requested Rekha
that Sushma leave the colony.
He was even ready
to buy her a house elsewhere.
Lip to lip kiss.
-Bad girl.
-She has made a video also.
Get lost from this house.
Go away.
The video is fake!
[TV anchor] To cool things down here.
Rekha pretended to throw Sushma out
of her house and sent her straight
to Jaya's house.
-[playful music]
-[sneezes]
But Sushma had now tasted blood.
[sneezes]
Even in her sister's house.
she spread wildfire.
[thunder crashes]
Hashtag. hey. you may I go?
[Manas laughs]
[Rekha] Imagine.
He prayed so that his daughter
would get married someday.
And he's lying down here
like a water buffalo.
But this cough syrup idea
was a masterstroke from Jaya.
Jaya also takes this.
When she has trouble sleeping.
-Does Jaya have trouble sleeping?
-[Jaya] Yes.
[Jaya's father-in-law]
While your mother-in-law was alive.
she never dared to even look
out of the window without asking me.
And you took the car
without my permission.
Have you become such a daredevil?
Papa. I'll call you. I'll call you.
Mummy!
Aunty Gupta is here.
-Aunty Gupta.
-Oh. Jaya.
When did you come?
Aunty. I was about to…
Hello. Rekha.
You didn't come for the prayer function.
The disco prayer band's performance
was really amazing.
I've got some sweets for you.
My daughter's getting married.
Let bygones be bygones. okay?
Have some sweets.
Here. have some.
Goldie's father insisted that we get
the best quality sweets.
Can I have some water?
[whimsical music]
[chuckles to ease the tension]
Wow. Jaya!
You haven't put on any weight.
Very well maintained.
just like your mother.
[awkward chuckle]
Go tell your
mother to put some ice in the water.
It's so hot today.
[awkward chuckle]
Sushma. go tell your mother
not to put too much ice.
or I'll catch a cold.
Go.
Mummy. Aunty Gupta
does not want too much--
Hey. is this the way
to talk to your mother?
Go. go inside and tell her.
Go.
-Fine. I'll tell her.
-No. no. Aunty. I'm going inside.
Mummy. I'm coming inside!
[whimsical music continues]
Cough syrup.
-Water.
-Water. Water.
[sniffs]
The bathroom's that way. right?
Suddenly?
Yeah.
Yeah. nature calls suddenly.
Move aside.
But your house is right across.
I'm here. so I'll go here.
But I can't really go anywhere else.
-Yeah. yeah. me neither.
-I can't either.
But I can go anywhere.
Move.
Aunty. the flush isn't working right now.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
It stinks very bad.
-It's-- Call the plumbers.
-[nervous indistinct chatter]
I'll manage somehow.
Don't worry.
Mummy! Mummy!
What is it?
Abhishek's mother has just called.
She says she wants
to discuss something important.
I think she's found out that Papa--
Shh!
I'm coming.
Come on. she's on the line.
[Maheshwari] Bro-in-law?
In the opposite house?
Did you see him?
I could smell him.
[Maheshwari] What?
[retches] What the hell?
I can recognize his monitor lizard oil
anywhere in the world.
She has bewitched and captured him.
that massage queen.
She doesn't let anything good happen
in our house.
And didn't I tell you
to stay the hell away from them.
and you walked right into their house?
Those poor things. why are you always
after their lives?
Poor things?
The man who paid a bribe
so you could get a job
with the police
has gone missing today.
And they're poor things to you.
[sarcastically] Very good.
my dear Maheshwari.
Stop looking at me like that. you idiot.
Go to their house for a casual visit
and then report back to me.
Idiot. I've given birth to a dimwit.
[Sushma] Pull. pull. pull. pull.
Harder but carefully.
He shouldn't get hurt.
This way. this way. this way. Mummy.
After humming that song last night.
this man hasn't even farted.
Quick. quick. quick. quick.
Pull. pull. pull. pull.
Come on.
Pull. a little more.
-Pull. pull.
-She got it.
[muffled whispers]
[doorbell rings]
We're done.
[Maheshwari] Jaya?
Sushma?
Aunty?
Mrs. Gupta must have sent him
to arrest us.
Shh!
-[tense music]
-Why the hell aren't they answering?
-Aunty!
-I'm going to jail for sure.
Hey. Miss Bucket!
Miss Bucket. Sushma.
Come here. Come here. Come.
-Peekaboo!
-[grunts]
Jaya.
You scared me. silly girl.
You still get flustered
like a little pigeon. don't you?
Rubbish.
I've been ringing the bell.
calling out to you.
Why didn't you open the door?
Couldn't hear it.
-Come. I'll let you in.
-Yeah.
Let's go.
-Listen. just tell me something.
-Yeah.
Has your sister allowed you
to come in here?
Huh?
Allow meaning?
I'll not just come in. I'll also have tea.
I'm no longer the Dumbo Maheshwari I used
to be in school. okay?
-[vessels rumble]
-Really?
I was thinking. would you like
to take me to our school?
Please?
Why not?
What a silly door!
Sushma. just put the vase here.
What an idea!
Hey. pull him.
Jhumpa. Tumpa.
Take care of yourselves.
[Sushma] Looks like she hasn't
opened the room since that day.
School should have gone on forever. right?
You tried to make sure it did.
If you hadn't helped me.
I would have failed that year too.
I would have been working in bro-in-law's
father's cow shed as a cowboy.
Aunty looked very angry today.
I'm sure you must have
had so many wedding chores
-and I just dragged you here with me.
-Oh…
It's a habit
to take her anger out on others.
Has something happened?
Fine. let me tell you what happened.
My sister and bro-in-law
have had a terrible fight.
He's so angry that he's not come back
home since two days now. That's it.
She attacks whoever crosses her path
like a wild elephant.
Where could he have gone
while the functions are on?
He's known to have some
"extracurricular activities."
Really?
He'll be back.
So what makes you stay back
here this time?
Fear of the police.
[both laugh]
Queen Jaya. what a player!
Jaya had been showing the whole world
since childhood
that she has inherited
her mother's beauty.
but not her character.
But at the end of the day.
how far can an apple fall from the tree?
And here you go.
JAYA THE CRAFTY PLAYER
[Rati] Listen. you stay here. okay?
[TV anchor] When Jaya's childhood friend
Rati received a good marriage proposal
from Patna. Jaya went
to her place to help.
Sources say right when
Rati was telling her would-be in-laws
about her hobbies and interests.
as if on cue.
Manas got a nature's call.
And Jaya revealed her own hidden talent.
Jaya!
[Manas] It's not what it looks like. Rati.
She did this.
Mummy. Papa. I did nothing.
She did it.
[TV anchor] A match between Rati
and Manas. which was made in heaven.
was broken here on earth by clever Jaya.
with a pinch of flour.
[wailing]
Once again. poor Mr. Gupta
was called upon to carry out justice.
The girl who chose for your son instead is
a tigress who preys on weak animals.
[Rati] My manas…
[TV anchor] But it was too late.
Poor Rati was betrayed
by her childhood friend.
Jaya!
She's a witch. you know.
JAYA THE CRAFTY PLAYER
Oh. hi.
When did you come?
This is Maheshwari.
We used to go to school together.
Nice to meet you. Manas.
Where were you?
Um…
I'd gone to the pharmacy and he met me
on the way and offered to drop me home.
Come inside.
DANGER
Sush. where had your sister gone?
I just told you. didn't I?
[Manas] Did I ask you?
Sush. tell me.
Jaya had gone to the pharmacy.
See.
Sush. you didn't ask me
either before leaving.
You should have said.
"Hey. you. may I go?"
What made you come here suddenly?
Why. Jaya? Has my
arrival been a cause of disturbance?
-Why would I think so?
-So?
The papers for the new business deal
are lying in the trunk of the car.
Both parties have been desperately
waiting to sign those papers.
Papa cursed me out and sent me here.
I had to take a bus to come here.
I'm extremely sorry.
I remember
you telling me that your mother is lying
on her deathbed.
But she's standing right here
in front of me.
looking great. like a fresh fruit.
I never stop you.
I give you all kinds of freedom.
And you still have the guts to lie. How?
-No. I did not lie to you.
-Listen. Jaya.
You won't be able
to hide anything from me.
You better tell me the truth.
Why have you come to your mother's house?
Jaya. tell him.
No. just tell him.
He's our family.
Why hide it from him?
That your mother was crying on the phone
at midnight like a little child.
Saying she's feeling lonely.
She doesn't even call
to check if I'm alive or I'm dead.
-Mummy. why are you crying?
-Come on.
Please calm down. Mummy.
-Why are you crying?
-Calm down. Mummy. Please.
-Give her some water.
Have some water.
I have a complaint for you too.
You have a complaint for me?
Have you ever thought about your dear mom?
She's alone.
Let's go see her. [crying]
It's okay. It's okay.
Don't cry. Don't cry. Mom.
Why don't you take care of her?
Okay. tell me.
Whose loss is it?
My loss. right?
I never got to experience
my mom-in-law's love. right?
-It's my loss then.
-I know that.
-Of course you do.
-You're my elder son-in-law.
Elder. younger. I'm everything anyway.
Next time you come here…
I'll make some Rekha's
special chicken for you.
The Rekha's special?
Will you really make it for me?
And it's my best recipe.
[Manas] It's your best recipe.
So why wait for next time?
I'll stay here today.
He's not leaving?
No. no. Manas.
Let's go home.
You need those deal papers.
Papa is angry.
-Let's go home.
-Papa. Papa. Papa.
I will speak to my papa.
You don't worry about it.
Thank you very much.
The Rekha's special!
You called him here. right?
I haven't called anyone.
[Manas] Hello. Hello. Papa.
How are you today?
If you've not called him. why is he here?
Yeah. you don't really have
to call anybody.
People just get stuck onto you
on their own
because you're some queen bee. aren't you?
Jaya has been hiding something
from us. Papa.
Their house over here
is quite a good property.
Why did Mummy have to overact so much?
I was feeling lonely.
We can get good buyers
for this property. Papa.
Yeah.
I'll get the three of them a room
on rent or something in Patna.
What else could I do?
Tell him to leave?
-Wouldn't he doubt us?
-No. no.
I'm coming back.
It'll happen in a day or something.
Yes. yes.
See you. Papa.
My papa has been handled.
We're happy?
-Of course.
-Now nobody is going to sleep tonight.
We're going to have fun through the night.
What do you feel like?
Let's play poker.
[nervous chuckles]
[chuckling echoes]
You're really fond of eating. huh?
[grins]
I'm fond of a lot of things.
Jaya?
Deal us another hand. come on.
Your mother's luck has been on fire today.
Whoo!
All losses shall be recovered. [farts]
I'll be back in a flash.
[suspenseful music]
[Manas farts]
Manas. wait!
All your windows
and doors are fully jammed.
This is not the bathroom.
This is the kitchen.
Hey. Jaya! Get me some--
Get me some oil.
I'm going to lubricate this.
No. no.
You are my son-in-law. not a handyman.
Manas. you can go
to the bathroom upstairs.
Yeah. yeah.
Jaya. take him there.
And let him sleep in the room upstairs.
[muffled speech]
I'm also very sleepy. [yawns]
I've been trying
to reach you for two days.
Couldn't get through.
Listen to me first.
Mr. Gupta is not really dead.
Yeah. he's alive. He's alive.
[loud thud]
[knife slashing]
Both my daughters think I'm gambling.
Yeah. now listen to me.
Wow.
I have just had an idea.
-[phone rings]
-[loud snores]
[Goldie] Hello?
Mummy!
Brother. which way is the Jalali chicken--
Sharing is caring.
How the hell have you shut it?
It's jammed now.
What if Mr. Gupta has
soiled himself in there?
Do people shit and pee when they're
in a coma. Sushma?
-Listen. ladies.
-[all three gasp]
Did you bring the chicken?
Not yet.
Chicken.
I'll get it.
Listen. You know our neighbor?
What's his name?
-You mean Uncle Gupta?
-Yeah. Uncle Gupta.
-He has disappeared.
-Oh. my God. No.
I think he has been kidnapped.
They had called last night asking
for a ransom. you know.
[tense music builds]
[in unison] Ransom?
Goldie. please start from the beginning.
Yeah. and don't cry.
I answered the call.
At first. I couldn't really
hear a thing. Uncle.
Then suddenly someone said. "If you
ever want to see Mr. Gupta alive again.
come to the end of Livers Lane.
Put five. five and a half lakh rupees in
a bag and place it on top of the dumpster.
Or else…
Mr. Gupta will become
late Mr. Gupta." [wailing]
Just imagine. is he even worth so much?
I would have definitely negotiated.
When do they want it?
Tonight. at two o'clock.
They want it tonight?
No.
I'll tell you what. Mummy.
Let's wait for a couple of days.
Let them kill my father.
and let my wedding also fall apart.
[Maheshwari] Goldie. Goldie. Goldie.
Focus. focus.
Was it a lady's voice or a man's?
They were speaking in a low tone.
so I can't really tell for sure.
Damn.
Did you happen to hear anything else?
-Traffic. bells in a temple…
-[sniggers]
monkeys laughing. something like that?
No.
One second. I thought he was angry
and stormed out like he always does.
I've been telling you since yesterday
that you need to look for him.
But you're too busy playing lover boy
with your teenage crush.
Listen!
Don't talk to me like that
in front of the kids. alright?
Plus. I'm not your brother right now.
I'm an inspector.
-[sniggers]
-My foot. Mr. Inspector.
Why would those three ask for ransom?
But why is her son-in-law visiting
after so many years?
It's part of their plan.
-Connect the dots. Mr. Inspector!
-[sniggers]
Are you high on something or what?
My baby is scared.
Don't you understand?
He's scared.
His father is missing. and he's
gobbling mangoes. Idiot.
[Mrs. Gupta] Shut up. Goldie.
Don't create a scene.
[Goldie continues wailing]
[Mrs. Gupta] I'm telling you.
I'll smack you. Just shut up.
[TV anchor] The residents
of the colony believed that
Rekha was always a greedy woman.
After Sukumar's death.
she conducted a lot of businesses
under the pretext of wanting
to pay off her loans.
Rekha allegedly teamed up
with a goods train guard
to steal women's nightwear
as her first business.
When smuggling wasn't enough
for this greedy woman.
she started a meal service
for unmarried. lonely men
and widowers. which
was actually a drug cartel.
What was inside Rekha's lunch boxes?
Nobody could ever tell
with any kind of certainty.
-Careful! Hey!
-[bicycle crashes]
When she was done dealing drugs.
she opened Rekha's cybercafe.
Her business was so good that in
a few months. she paid off her debt.
They say that in Rekha's cybercafe.
you could watch pornographic videos
without any issue.
And perhaps because of this very facility.
many men were seen going
inside the cybercafe.
But they just wouldn't come out.
They say that many of Man-eater Rekha's
victims were buried
under the marigold flowers
in her garden.
SCANDAL
Was Rekha's real business extortion?
Manas will be here any moment.
I'm asking for the last time.
Who asked for the ransom?
Have you lost it?
Why would I ask for ransom?
So then it must be you.
N. O… No!
I think it's Mrs. Gupta who has spread
the rumor about the demand for ransom.
This is not an episode of your crime show.
I'm telling you.
she's the one who asked for it.
You know what?
I'm going to be a celeb.
Why would I do such a silly thing?
Don't you think I know how
much money it takes to buy followers?
Huh?
I'm sure you make peanuts from ice cream
and face pack brand videos.
Whatever little money I'm making.
it's my own.
I'm not dependent on anyone.
Have you even made ten rupees on your own?
Sushma. shut up or I'll slap you.
What do you mean "dependent"?
I live in my own house
with dignity. get it?
I don't need to do these cheap things
like you to make money.
What "my own money. my own money"?
She lives in a house lent
by Manas's friend.
And you think I didn't see you were
on your phone the whole time?
Do you think you are
the reincarnation of honesty?
And why should I believe
that you didn't call for ransom?
Yeah. you know. because I don't
need the money. alright?
Of course. you need the money.
Didn't you say you need
about five lakh rupees?
What?
What the hell?
Jaya. tell me.
Why do you need money?
Please. it's none of your business.
Get it?
And Mummy. can you make sense
for just once in your life?
You really think I'll stoop so low
for money?
-I belong to a decent family now.
-[snickers mockingly]
Hey. I'm not like you.
mother and daughter.
Not even a bit.
If I needed the ransom. would I have
called the two of you here?
And when would I do it?
Since your useless husband has come.
I haven't had a minute
to catch my breath.
He keeps ordering me around.
"Cook me some chicken. make me
some kebabs. make some fritters."
"Papa. Papa. Papa."
You can check my phone
if you don't trust me.
You shouldn't talk
about trust at all. Mummy.
Even if the Goddess of Truth
tells me to trust you.
I still won't be able
to believe a word you say.
Oh. so I can't be trusted.
And you are so trustworthy.
aren't you. my baby?
You ran away with my jewelry in the middle
of the night without even telling me.
So what could I do?
This sparkling white reputation
of a massage queen that you have built.
-my father-in-law set a condition…
-Jaya. I'm telling you. shut up.
that he would allow the marriage to happen
if you don't come for it.
Your father always forced me
to give him a massage on the terrace.
So many times I told him.
"Let me do it inside the house."
And why do you keep speaking
about that jewelry?
I haven't stolen it.
You can't even give your daughter a pair
of earrings and two bangles.
A pair of earrings and two bangles.
The few times you visited. you've just
come here to ask for money.
Unless you want something.
have you ever even looked at me?
Why should I? Why should I?
You tell me.
I have always only
been embarrassed living with you.
From childhood to this very day.
you're always caught up in a scandal.
One day you're pregnant.
another day Uncle Gupta is home.
Has it ever mattered to you
what people think or say about us?
Even now. just look at yourself.
Look at you wearing a sleeveless blouse
even at your age.
Now what does that have
to do with anything?
What difference does my sleeveless
blouse make?
I feel extremely hot.
And what will I do with the ransom money?
Get new blouses made?
You fancy many other things apart from
sleeveless blouses. Mummy. Okay?
Now. why are you spitting venom?
-What have I done?
-What have you done?
You are the reason we are
in this big mess.
"What have I done?"
Given the character of your mother
and daughter.
I should have known I'd get into trouble!
I never should have come here.
Then why did you come here.
princess of lazy land?
My mistake!
I want to see your damn food.
-I won't show you.
-Let go of it.
-Give it to me. Give it to me.
-Let go.
I won't give it to you.
Let go.
-I'm telling you to let go of it.
-I want to check your food.
-Just stop.
-Let go!
How dare you take my phone?
-[both continue fighting]
-I worked so hard to send them
to a good school. and this is what
they have learnt. these monkeys!
Hey. stop it now!
If there's nothing on it.
then why aren't you showing it to me?
Mummy. I'm telling you.
she's the one who asked for ransom.
Yeah. I'm the one who is always wrong.
The video was uploaded by Kiran Yadav.
but I'm the one who got defamed.
Whoever made the ransom demand.
but my phone must be checked.
Every single time. every step of the way.
I have to prove I'm innocent.
I'm the stepsister. right?
I've been the outsider since I was a kid.
Have you ever
done anything like a real sister? Huh?
I surely feel like your DNA is flawed.
Don't talk shit about my father.
I'm warning you.
One more word
against him and I'll bash you.
-What will you do? Bite me?
-How dare you!
Yeah. go ahead. bite each other.
Why not kill each other?
Why just use your teeth?
Finish each other off.
Take two swords
and cut off each other's heads.
-[grinder whirs]
-Let me go.
I know that you've saved Manas's number
on your phone as "Sweetheart".
You've already messed up my marriage.
Are you capable of doing more?
Sushma. what is she saying?
You and Manas are together?
She is just blabbering what she wants to.
Should I say what I really believe?
I think these people from the colony
are telling the truth. Mummy.
You have killed her father
as well as my father.
You killed both of them.
You are a murderer. I know it.
And you told me he left us and went away.
Tell me the truth. Mummy.
Have you actually buried them
under the marigolds?
Hey!
Nobody's going anywhere.
Until we sort out this Gupta matter.
no one's going anywhere.
I didn't ask for the ransom.
I swear on myself.
But if I end up going to jail.
I'm surely dragging the two
of you along with me.
Damn it!
Cook your chicken!
Hey. pause here.
He's entered the colony at seven-fifteen.
There has to be a video
of him leaving too.
There should be one.
So forward the video and look carefully.
We've been watching the guard
scratch his ass for 20 minutes now.
And call me only when you see him leaving.
Okay?
Okay.
What's okay?
Very okay.
I'm sorry Manas was so rude
with you yesterday.
Your favorite snack.
He's been kidnapped?
We've been investigating.
Now let's just hope I can bring him back
in one piece before Goldie's wedding.
Sir. I've checked the recordings
until 10:00 a.m.
He never left the colony.
If he never left the colony.
how did he get kidnapped?
Could he still be in the colony?
So. why don't you search all the houses
in the colony?
I can't do that without a warrant.
Silly of me to be wasting your time
with such stupid ideas.
I'll see you.
-Should I drop you?
-No. no. no.
Manas must have woken up by now.
But listen. if you want to come
over to search our house. you can.
Are you holding the bag properly?
Yeah. let's go.
All four of you stay alert.
Nobody should try to be a hero.
-Banke.
-[Banke] Yes. sir.
Only you and I are
the ones who can see the trash can.
-Don't fall asleep.
-[Banke] Yes. sir.
[snoring]
[whimsical music]
ADARSH COLONY
[cat mews]
[banging on shutter]
What are you doing here?
What's going on?
Tell.
[banging on shutter]
It's him.
[TV anchor] Sushma's papa!
SUSHMA'S FATHER
They say. since a few days
after Jaya's father's death.
there were such noises coming
from Rekha's house
that the neighbors had
to sleep with earplugs on.
[bed creaking]
The dark of the night
could hide Rekha's affair for sure.
but the affair's end result
could not be hidden.
When Sushma was born. the women
from the colony were scandalized.
Even today. they keep looking for
their husband's resemblance in her face.
Rekha had told Sushma
that if anybody asks her.
she should tell them
that the moon is her father.
One day. naive Goldie had said to Sushma
that her father must be bald.
and that's why he looks
like the moon.
Sushma punched Goldie so hard
that two of her front teeth fell out.
Because of which
the poor girl's marriage prospects
had dwindled.
Today her father was in front
of her. and he wasn't the moon.
How are you. my dear Sarla?
-Sushma.
-Huh?
Sushma!
How are you. my dear Sushma?
Look how big you've become.
When I last saw you. you were so little.
When did you see her?
Didn't you disappear even
before she was born?
She must be the elder one. right?
Why didn't you ever come to see me?
Oh. my dear.
How could I ever put you in danger?
Your papa has made so many sacrifices
for the country.
And my biggest sacrifice
has been you. my child.
[Rekha] When you were about to be born.
they sent him
on an underwear mission.
Mind your language.
I'm sorry.
As soon as the mission ended.
I came back straight away
to where my heart belonged.
-Where's the money?
-What money?
The money that I had given you.
-Come on. give it to me.
-Mummy?
The money was always with you?
This is half of it.
The other night.
he forgot the bag in a hurry.
-And after that he was…
-Hang on just a minute.
Was he also there that night?
-What?
-What. what. what. what? Huh?
Mummy. I'm asking you one final time.
I want to know what
actually happened that night.
-Maheshwari. are you…
-[gasps]
What are you doing?
-Can't you see I'm under the cover?
-Yeah. yeah.
The kidnapper must be around.
Go!
Listen to me calmly.
Don't get angry.
Ten days ago.
I gave him three lakh rupees.
That day. I took out another two
and a half lakhs.
Mr. Gupta came
after I left and got the missing cash.
-Then he threatened me on the phone.
-[Mr. Gupta] Rekha…
He said he'll tell
the shop owner everything.
But while taking a shower…
I had an idea.
I thought he was coming anyway.
He'll make him understand man-to-man.
And you must have thought
you wouldn't get the money.
-So you took off.
-Jaya. how are you talking to him?
-You shut up. okay?
-Hey. Jaya.
He's not taking it for himself.
He needs to pay a token amount
for his shop.
After he retires. we'll work
on a security agent together.
-That's our secret.
-I'm sorry.
Tell them its name.
No. you tell them.
[Rekha] You tell them.
[Rekha] No. you have to tell them.
No. no. you tell them.
Mummy…
is Papa coming back to us?
You haven't told the kids yet.
I'm sure he has asked for the ransom.
Hundred percent.
I asked for what?
What sort of ransom?
-It's done. Let's go.
-Okay. okay.
Come on. hurry up.
The money has been dropped.
Everyone. stay alert.
Banke?
Did you sleep off. you buffoon Banke?
[Banke yawns] I'm awake. sir.
Who else. apart from you. knows
that Uncle Gupta is in our house?
-Come on. tell me. What?
-Listen. Jaya.
Listen. I swear on Sarla that I haven't
asked for any ransom from anybody.
Papa. Sushma.
This time. I swear on Sushma. I haven't
asked for any ransom from anybody.
We'll all find out
about that when you're in jail.
[tense music]
Do you think jail is
some kind of joyride? Huh?
Ever been thrashed with a rod?
Your soul leaves your body and starts
to tremble right in front of your eyes.
-Papa. please calm down.
-Shut up!
And you?
You must have called me
to frame me. right?
Yes. yes. yes.
That's why you said
Mr. Gupta is fine. He's not dead.
If I had not forgotten this bag.
I'd be in Nepal by now.
Nepal?
-It's for your new mission?
-Listen to me.
I'm really sick
and tired of being your lover boy.
That's enough.
And she only wants a colonel
from the army.
Not a rank lower than that.
Can't you compromise a little?
And you?
I haven't demanded a ransom.
I'm leaving from here.
I have a train tomorrow morning.
Look at this. Look. Look.
I'm wanted.
[Jaya] I told you!
I get caught every couple of months.
I'm tired of the police thrashing me.
I'm sick of it.
-See. I knew it. Didn't I tell you?
-I'm on the run.
-Give me the bag now.
-[Jaya] No. don't.
-[Jaya] Don't give it to him.
-Give me the bag.
-Just give me the bag.
-Enough.
Let go.
-Hey.
-Not giving it to you.
Come on.
Give me the bag.
-I'm not giving it.
-Give me the bag.
-Papa.
-Yes. my dear. Come to me.
-Give me the bag.
-[Jaya] Let her go.
-Bag first.
-I said. let her go.
Give me the bag. or I'll cut her up.
-Give me the bag.
-Jaya.
Give it to him.
Jaya. give him the bag.
-Give it to me.
-Jaya. give him the bag.
Come on.
Give it.
-Open the shutter.
-First. you have to let her go.
Open the shutter. or I'll kill her.
Open it.
God bless you. my child. Sarla.
You want me to play "house" with you!
I'm not crazy to spend
my life with the three of you. Get lost!
-[dog barking]
-And you. stop barking!
-[high-pitched squeal]
-[whistling at a distance]
[Maheshwari] Banke!
[melancholic music]
KRIPA NIWAS
[Manas snoring]
[Jaya] Sushma. What are you doing?
-What's wrong with you?
-Let him go.
Let him go back home.
Goldie is getting married.
At least she has a father.
-Let him go.
-Have you lost your mind?
-Manas is sleeping outside.
-Let me go. Jaya.
You were absolutely right.
My DNA is flawed.
-Listen to me.
-[Rekha] Sushma.
You need to…
[Rekha] This is not your fault.
He's a bad man.
And what kind of woman are you. Mummy?
Huh?
You went and had a child
with someone random without really--
Leave me.
Your youth is never going to fade. is it?
How far will you go?
Now tell me who's next in line. huh?
Mr. Gupta.
-What?
-Mr. Gupta!
[dramatic music]
[girls squealing]
[Rekha] Jaya!
Hold on!
Don't let it go!
Sushma!
[Mr. Gupta grunts and groans]
[glass shatters]
What happened?
What was that noise?
He's woken up.
Come. come. come.
What happened. Manas?
[Manas] That noise?
What's happening?
-[Rekha] What noise?
-[Manas] Where is Jaya?
[Rekha] She's sleeping.
Do you need something?
[Manas] What's going on inside?
-A rat died inside.
-Manas. there's no one.
-Relax.
-[Manas] Jaya?
[Rekha] There's no one there.
Just go to sleep. Manas.
I just heard a man's voice from inside.
Jaya. I'm telling you for the last time.
You better come out.
or I'll have to come inside.
Manas…
I've been calling you for so long.
Where were you?
I can't always be at your beck and call.
What did you say?
Your sleeve?
Why the hell is your sleeve torn?
Who's in there?
It's Maheshwari. isn't it?
She was out on a joyride
with him all afternoon as well.
Clearly. that's the company you keep.
Your sister has a reputation already.
After all. you're exactly
like your mother. aren't you?
I feel like I should just
leave you here forever.
Then go.
What did you say?
Go right now.
Go. Leave.
-Are you seeing this?
-Get out of here!
Listen. Mummy. you're not
saying anything to her.
-I'm going to have to give her--
-Hey!
-Talk to me. Here. here. here.
-I'm telling you.
-Talk to me. Talk to me!
-You…
Is this how you're going
to let her talk to me now?
Take your bag and get out of here.
Listen to me.
Have you lost your mind?
Come.
Let's sit and talk.
I don't want to talk to you.
Maheshwari had come over.
He satisfied me.
Do you even know what it means
to satisfy a woman?
No. but how will you ever know that?
Because you've never satisfied me.
Get out!
Do you also want to tag
along with him and ruin your life?
You'll rot with your mother and sister!
What did you say?
-What did you say?
-Have you gone crazy?
Yeah. I'm crazy.
I've gone crazy. okay?
Mummy. are you seeing this?
See how she's talking to me?
-You'll regret this. I'm telling you.
-I will regret this?
-Yeah!
-You think I will regret this?
Loser. I'll tell you what regret is.
Do you know how many flatbreads I've made
since the day I married you?
One lakh. twenty-seven thousand.
seven hundred and fifty-five. Exact!
And I'll regret it.
Haven't worked a single day
in all these years.
Living off of your dad's money
like a prince.
Turning me into an unpaid servant.
"Jaya. cook for me. Jaya. wash my clothes.
Jaya. clean the toilet."
"Jaya. stand. Jaya. sit. Jaya. dance."
All day. twenty-four hours.
"Jaya. just run around. Keep dancing."
Shamelessly sitting shirtless all day.
As if your armpits smell
like a garden of roses!
Insulting me in front of everyone.
Insulting you?!
Insulting you. huh?!
In fact. I got married
to you to protect my honor.
Marriages are made in heaven.
Cool down. Cool down--
Did it feel like heaven
when you grabbed me from behind?
Do you think it was destiny
that you'd come
to ask for Rati's hand
and saw me alone in the kitchen
and put your hands on me?
I swear…
I swear if Rati hadn't called everyone
and created a scene that day…
then I would be happy today.
I've been married to a loser
like you for so many years
only for the sake of my reputation.
And guess what?
The people from this colony still think
that I was the one who trapped you.
The filthy pig that you are.
you make me wash your father's
underwear. and in front of me.
right in front of me.
you hit on my sister.
you disgusting piece of shit!
-You want to hear more?
-Look. I'm--
There is more.
You really want to hear more?
I'll tell you.
-Listen to me.
-Why are you--
You know why I'm not able to conceive?
No. I don't want to know.
Why the hell not?
I want you to know.
I haven't been able to get pregnant
because your sperm
is completely useless!
And not just your sperm. your brain
is also completely useless.
That's why you didn't even
realize when I got your test done.
And I don't know what got into my head
that I was trying to have your child.
-I'm going to cry.
-Just shut up.
I swear I'll shove a rolling pin down
your throat and choke you to death.
I'm telling you. I'll kill you.
-Get out of here.
-I'm leaving.
But now. just know that my papa--
My papa's going to deal with you.
And now. even if you beg me.
I'm not taking you back.
Go tell your papa that I've told him
to mix some poison in his tea!
Get the hell out of here!
I'll send you the divorce papers!
You better pay me good alimony. or I'll
bury you right under these marigolds!
You hear me?
I'll be back!
You'll see me again!
Don't ever show me your dirty face again!
[melancholic music]
I want some more.
[Rekha] I've cooked this
after such a long time.
Whenever I tried to.
Mr. Gupta would come to fight.
He'd say. "Even the smell of meat
is offensive to our religion."
[Sushma] Then put some gravy
into his mouth.
Jaya. I had nothing going on with Manas.
You forwarded his number with that name.
And I saved his number as is.
Our video went viral.
That's why I kept tolerating him.
No matter who's asked for ransom.
we'll be the ones in trouble.
Everyone's eyes are on the three of us.
We'll dump the body
in the trunk in the morning.
Take the highway and push it
off of some cliff on our way.
After that. I don't want
to see either of you ever again.
[bittersweet music]
♪ The sky is bereft of stars ♪
♪ What sort of night has descended! ♪
♪ The waves batter my shores ♪
♪ Slow and steady ♪
♪ The seasons turn ♪
♪ Salty tears ♪
♪ Carry my sorrows ♪
♪ What I have lost ♪
♪ How can strangers replace? ♪
♪ It is known only to me ♪
♪ And my God ♪
BENEFITS OF A LONG TONGUE
-♪ The moon has forsaken me ♪
-[indistinct chatter]
♪ What sort of night has descended! ♪
♪ The waves batter my shores ♪
♪ The sky is bereft of stars ♪
♪ What sort of night has descended! ♪
♪ The waves batter my shores ♪
[heavy rain pelting outside]
[thunder crashes]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Mrs. Gupta screams]
Goldie!
Hey. Goldie!
[Goldie] Papa!
Papa!
[Mrs. Gupta] Pick him up! Pick him up!
[Maheshwari] Hello. hello. check.
[Goldie] Mummy. should I tell Abhishek?
We have a pre-wedding shoot today.
We'll have to call it off.
Why do you always keep
whining about everything
like your cranky grandmother?
There's no need to tell anyone anything.
I'll tell everyone that he just slipped
in the bathroom.
I don't know when they came
and dumped him here.
Do you recognize me?
It's me. Maheshwari.
And that's Babul.
I have paid five and a half lakh rupees
as your ransom.
Can you open your mouth and say something?
Can't you see he's been hit on his head?
It's called a concussion.
Don't try to teach me things.
I'm your older sister.
I taught you
all this when you were still in shorts.
Now you're teaching me about concussions.
Can you tell me anything
about who the kidnappers were?
[Mrs. Gupta] Why don't you listen to me?
-It was those three witches.
-Rubbish!
This looks like the work
of a professional kidnapper.
Alright.
Do me a favor.
Just arrest me.
I'm the one who asked for ransom.
I'm the one who pulled off everything.
Your sister is a she-devil.
And that Jaya madam
and her mother and sister.
they didn't do anything.
They're innocent. right?
-Professional!
-[Goldie] Mummy. what are you saying?
-You don't make sense.
-[Mrs. Gupta] Professional. my foot!
What are you trying to smell?
Maheshwari Uncle. they had
gagged him with this.
[tense music builds]
That witch!
[tense music swells]
KRIPA NIWAS 333
[tense music fades]
[Mrs. Gupta] Hey. Goldie!
Come. help me dye my hair!
I can't do it on my own.
-[Sushma] Mummy!
-[phone vibrates]
Aunty Gupta is calling.
[Mr. Gupta sings on the phone]
♪ From your red lips ♪
♪ Bursting with flavor ♪
♪ The nectar drips. drips. drips ♪
♪ Like the juice of a mango flower ♪
Dearest Rekha. you are
missing me. aren't you?
[nervously] Mr. Gupta. listen.
-I'll tell you what happened.
-[Mr. Gupta] No. no.
Let me tell you what happened.
When you stole money from the wine shop.
I caught you red-handed. Mrs. Rekha.
And after that.
you messaged me in the night saying.
"Come over. let's play poker together."
And I was such an idiot.
I came to your house
out of my love for you.
and you hit me on the head
and knocked me out.
And then you called both your daughters
to help you out.
And your idiot son-in-law shows up too.
What amazing drama queens you are!
What a show Jaya put up
to get rid of the son-in-law. isn't it?
And in the middle of all this.
he split with the ransom money.
So. I escaped somehow
and saved myself from you.
You know. when I reached home.
I went into shock.
But Maheshwari has finally found the proof
of your deed.
My brother-in-law. the guy who's
the sub-inspector. has everything.
You know what the proof is?
Your bloody blouse.
The maroon one that you had stuffed
in my mouth to gag me. remember?
Yeah.
Now imagine if I give my statement.
then just like your blouse. this case
will become very tight for you.
But don't worry.
I haven't said anything to him.
I'm just telling you for now.
It's just between you and me. private.
Mr. Gupta. I didn't ask for the ransom.
I'm telling you the truth.
I am not talking about ransom.
Forget about it.
I have forgotten.
You keep it.
It's in the past.
I just wanted to say something to you
from the bottom of my heart.
Just leave this house.
See. your house is my house.
The paperwork will be managed.
House?
-How can I leave my home. Mr. Gupta?
-Oh!
I can't send you to jail. Rekha.
Don't make me do this.
Mr. Gupta. please just listen to me.
Think. my dear Rekha.
like an earthquake has hit.
You don't really have a lot
of time left to decide.
Whatever items you have in the house
that have any sentimental value.
collect them and get the hell
out of here.
Imagine if the people
from the colony find out
that nowadays your new business is
to invite men home
and then hold them for ransom.
Do you even realize what they are
all going to come and do to you?
And this time you won't be able to…
stop the mob.
[crowd howling]
[hostile crowd chanting]
[aggressive crowd chatter]
[overlapping hostile voices]
What are you doing?
Why are you breaking it?
Mummy!
[Sushma] Someone help!
Jaya!
Jaya. do something!
Don't hit our mother!
Mummy. please…
-[Sushma] Mummy!
-Sushma! Jaya!
Come. come. Hurry up.
Inside. inside. Get inside. Hurry.
Hurry.
[overlapping hostile voices]
What's happening?
Who are all these men?
Nothing will happen.
He'll be fine.
Nothing will happen!
Mummy…
Please do something! I'm very scared!
[overlapping hostile voices]
-[man] Don't spare them!
-[pensive music]
KRIPA NIWAS 333
[crowd howling]
WITCH
[Mr. Gupta] I have been trying
to tell you for so many years now.
hand over the house to me.
Otherwise. the last time
I showed you a trailer.
Now. I'll show you the whole damn film.
[Mrs. Gupta] Hey. Goldie!
Hurry up!
-Come on.
-Need your blessings. Papa.
I can't understand anything.
Your father has gone mum since he's come.
We are leaving.
Just call us if you need anything.
[Rekha] I will not give this house up.
I've just got this one thing
to leave behind for you two.
And if that's taken away. you'll become
like me when you get to my age.
So what will you do?
I'll go to jail if I have to.
You just take all this and leave.
Oh. hello.
Have you lost your mind?
Jaya. the two of you need to leave.
Now.
[Sushma] Mummy. we can live in
a rented house. We can manage somehow.
If anyone ever asks you.
just tell them that you didn't know
anything about Mr. Gupta being held here.
What is wrong with you? Jaya!
What the hell are you doing on the swing?
Come here and handle her. will you?
Mummy. listen to me.
No. you listen!
Take your sister and get out of here
right now. Go.
[Jaya] Where do we go?
[pensive music]
Where can we go?
I've dragged both
of you into this unnecessarily.
You were always right. Jaya.
There's no greater fool
in this world than me.
After all these years.
he came and told me
that we'll live together.
We'll build rooms
for both our daughters upstairs.
And I believed him.
I won't give this house up.
I'd rather go to jail.
Sushma. please tell her they don't
allow sleeveless blouses in jail.
You got a four.
Can't you ever play without cheating?
Huh?
[Sushma] I moved it by mistake.
Why are you overreacting?
Bloody snake.
I am a snake?
[Sushma] Yes. you are.
You are a snake.
-Your nose is like a snake's nose.
-Look at your nose.
Your lips.
-Everything of yours.
-Shut up.
Come on. show me your tongue.
[Sushma] I'll sting you.
[thunder crashes]
I just had an idea.
[suspenseful music]
[doorbell rings]
[Mr. Gupta] She's a bloody witch.
[Mrs. Gupta] She's cast a spell on him.
[Mr. Gupta] A deceitful woman.
[Mrs. Gupta] Massage queen.
[man] Greedy woman.
[Mr. Gupta] You've given birth to a snake.
Shameless woman.
[Manas] You'll rot
with your mother and sister.
Your sister has a reputation already.
[man] She's a wanton woman.
[Mrs. Gupta] That witch!
Curses and spells are everywhere.
REKHA MY DARLING
150 FOR A NIGHT
[man] She drinks and smokes. doesn't she?
REKHA. WANNA GO CATCH A MOVIE?
DID YOU SEE REKHA'S?
Wow.
I made a small request and you ladies
have just recreated paradise here.
Juice?
I have already lost faith in you.
so will you…
Can you have it first?
Oh. touched by your lips.
Why are you staring at me like this?
Alright. fine.
Shut the door.
Can you make way?
Listen. I'm telling you.
I'm warning you.
See. if I don't make it back…
then my brother-in-law. Maheshwari.
the sub-inspector.
he will come over here.
I've written a letter with your name on it
and kept it under the pillow.
No. no. don't--
No. no. I'm telling you.
You don't worry. listen to me.
I'll go home and tear it up.
Come on. don't worry.
Just give me a little good time with you.
My whole body hurts.
Every muscle is killing me.
So just…
Is this your bedroom?
This is Rekha's bed.
Rekha's bed!
I just can't believe it.
One second.
Can you please come and pinch me?
Come here and pinch me.
Are you shy or something?
Oh. come on. don't be shy.
Just pinch me.
[angrily] Come here!
Come here and pinch me!
What were you thinking?
That the three of you
would get together and kill Mr. Gupta?
You think Mr. Gupta is a small
insect that you could squish like that?
Now I would like to see you dance.
I want to see the three of you dance.
And I have only two hours.
Okay?
Hey!
Didn't the two of you hear me?
Come here!
Come on. hurry up!
Play some music!
Whenever the forest has caught fire.
I have warmed my eyes with it.
Whenever the peacock dances in the forest.
I have feasted my eyes on it.
BRIDE
[groovy music]
♪ From your jet black eyes ♪
♪ From your jet black eyes
The nectar rains down ♪
♪ My heart is on fire ♪
My unrepentant gaze
♪ My unrepentant gaze
Long for union. come on! ♪
♪ I've forgotten all shame ♪
♪ I cast a single look
And the world was left smitten ♪
♪ That one chime of your anklet… ♪
-[groovy music fades]
-[foreboding music builds]
Hey. Sushma. I'm tired.
♪ My unrepentant gaze… ♪
[music stops]
Why did you stop the music?
-I was just starting to enjoy.
-Uncle Gupta. smile.
Strike a pose. please.
Smile now.
Look here. look here.
Come on. pout for me.
Hey. why are you taking pictures?
Hey. hey. move.
Move.
Get off me.
You were taking pictures of me?
Give me the phone.
[doorbell buzzes]
It's open.
[Mrs. Gupta] What is this
stupid message you sent me?
"Mr. Gupta is half naked here.
Come and get him now."
My daughter's wedding functions are on
-and this is what--
-Hello. Aunty.
Why are you covered in oil?
What's happening here?
I was just…
You know--
Why the hell have you come here?
You go home.
and I'll come and tell you.
Please take him with you. Aunty.
We're done with your massage.
Today's video is ready
to be uploaded on Sushma's page.
Isn't it. Sush?
You know I have a lot of followers.
You know that. right?
He follows me.
-But he never likes my posts. Aunty.
-[Jaya tuts disapprovingly]
I was about to let you off so easily.
But Rekha…
now you will go to jail.
And once you have gone. I'll deal with
these two daughters of yours as well.
Hey. Gupta.
If you dare say one more word
about my daughters ever again.
I'll ensure that the rumor about
the body buried under the marigolds
becomes a reality.
"Gupta"?
I'll file an FIR against the three of you!
Do whatever you feel like. Uncle.
By the time you file a complaint.
you'd have gone viral.
What do you think the caption should be?
Caption. caption. caption.
"At his daughter's wedding.
the father dances at a bachelor party."
Get out of here.
Come on. get out.
-Get out.
-Move.
Really?
"Get out"?
First ransom. and now blackmail?
I'm telling you for the last time.
I haven't asked for the ransom.
You are such a bloody liar.
Then who asked for it?
I swear on your life.
I'm telling the truth.
She messaged me that night.
She said.
"Come. let's sit and play poker."
Why don't I tell you?
You haven't done anything.
That night when I messaged you
to come over and play poker with me.
you thought it was wrong.
So you came over to make me understand
and then you rang the bell.
I asked. "Who is it?"
You said. "It's me."
Then I opened the door. and I grabbed you
like this. and pulled you inside.
You said. "What is this Mrs. Rekha?
Let go!"
But then.
I started to force myself on you.
You ran inside to protect yourself.
and I was the one
who followed you there.
Hey. wait a minute.
What's all this?
What are you trying to do?
What is this bullshit drama?
Let go of me.
Then I was the one who knelt like a horse.
and I was the one who jumped on you.
The more you tried to resist.
the more I forced myself on you.
Hey. don't touch me!
You still did not give in to me.
So then. in anger.
I ended up pushing you very hard.
You went and banged against the cupboard.
After that. the cupboard handle jabbed you
in the back.
-[Mr. Gupta] She's lying! Shut up. liar!
-Your leg got caught in the stool…
[Rekha] You fell!
As you fell. you grabbed onto the curtain.
The curtain rod fell on your head.
You. along with the curtain.
fell on the stone!
The stone slab hit you in the head.
but you still didn't die!
People won't believe me.
But I was really scared.
Call Maheshwari here.
Let's just go home.
-Or they'll upload the video.
-What video will they upload?!
All three of them are dancing around me
in their nighties in the video!
They are in the video too.
Don't you think they care
about their own honor?
Why will they upload it?!
Honor?
Of us mother and sisters?
[laughs hysterically]
Let's leave.
Come. let's go.
Didn't I tell you?
They're all witches.
You're all bloody witches.
Listen.
Do you still want to give a statement?
But there was one mystery
which was still left unsolved.
Who was it that asked for the ransom?
Hey!
A FEW WEEKS LATER
[Goldie] I tried telling my father so many
times that I don't want to get married.
[in unison] Goldie?
But he didn't listen to me.
So. I ran away.
[show anchor] So. you ran away
from your wedding to be on the show?
How are you managing here?
I had saved some money
to follow my dreams.
I had collected around five.
five and a half lakh rupees.
[anchor] How much?
Five. five and a half--
I had saved it from my pocket money.
[anchor] You're a very brave girl.
Would you like to tell
your parents something today?
Five. five and a half lakhs!
Papa. I don't want you
to fight with Mummy because of me.
You left that night too
because you were angry.
I was at our window
when I saw you go in there.
[anchor] You really touched our hearts.
What was your name again?
My nickname is Goldie…
and my name is Hema.
[all three laugh hysterically]
[heartwarming music builds]
Have you seen Rekha's?
Hey. Sushma.
Hey. Jaya.
We're outside.
People are watching.
It's showtime.
[lewd whistle]
[heartwarming music swells]
[heartwarming music fades]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today